-My first guest
is an Oscar-winning actress,
who stars in the new animated
movie "The Croods: A New Age,"
which is in theaters
this Wednesday.
Here is our pal, Emma Stone.
Oh, Emma, it is so --
-Hello!
-Oh, you look fantastic.
It's so good to see your face.
Thank you for being on the show.
-Great to see your face.
Thank you for having me.
This is so weird.
I'm used to kind of, like,
dancing on with you.
-I know, right?
Having an entrance theme.
Well, next -- next time.
Next time, we'll be in person.
-Next time, yes.
-I know, I know.
-This is the right --
-This is the right decision
for now.
-Thank you. Yeah.
Good, good, good.
I want to get into --
There's a ton of stuff
I want to talk to you about,
but I wanted to ask you
what you've been up to
during quarantine,
and I was told by our producers
to ask you this,
because a lot of people
are revisiting old hobbies,
and then they said
that you made me something
'cause you got into
making bracelets?
-I got into making bracelets,
yes.
I mean, I've been doing the kind
of, like, typical, you know,
Zoom meetings,
sleeping more than usual,
eating more than usual
kind of thing,
but then I got into making,
you know, like,
stretchy string
and beaded bracelets.
-Now, I have it here.
-And so I had to send one
over to you.
-Now, did you sign this?
-Yeah.
[ Laughs ]
-I love that.
-Okay.
I'm glad you like it.
-Can we see? I don't even know
if I can zoom in, but...
-Can you see?
It just says,
"Bracelet for Jimmy."
-"Bracelet for Jimmy."
[ Laughs ]
It's so good.
-Yeah.
-I'm wearing it.
-Just "Jimmy" felt boring,
so that's the bracelet
that's for you.
-Look at this guy.
-You can always wear
your Bracelet for Jimmy.
-Look at that.
Bracelet for Jimmy.
-It's so stupid.
-It's so good.
It's cutting off my circulation,
so I have a dead hand now.
-Okay, good.
That was the intention.
If you need to get your blood
drawn or anything at any point,
you can use it as a tourniquet.
[ Laughter ]
-I might, actually.
You never know.
In quarantine, have you got
hooked on any new shows?
What have you been doing?
What have you been watching?
Tell me.
-I watched a lot of shows.
I hear that "The Queen's Gambit"
is very good,
and I have not watched that yet,
but --
-Me neither.
I tried a little bit.
-You did?
What happened?
-Well, I thought it was going to
be about royals or something.
That type of queen.
-It's about chess.
-Yeah.
-Right?
-Oh.
Somebody doesn't like chess.
-It's not that
I don't like chess.
I just don't know if it's
my go-to thing to watch.
It's not your -- you're not,
like, searching for hobbies.
-I can watch anything.
Chess isn't on the list.
It's not an any --
-You're not gonna choose chess.
I hear you.
I understand.
-I pay, you know,
$20 a month for Netflix.
You know, there's things
I want to see, but chess --
-You want some bang
for your buck.
I hear what you're saying.
-That's what I'm talking about.
But I'm clearly wrong,
'cause everyone loves it.
And so I'll get into it
eventually.
-I know.
Everybody does love it.
I'm actually very excited
to watch it.
But I've been watching
a bunch of different stuff.
I watched all of --
My favorite show "Search Party,"
which is --
not everybody knows this show.
It's amazing.
I watched all of it in one day,
accidentally,
when it came out in June,
and then I was like, "I wish
I had stretched it out more."
But now I just discovered
"The Real Housewives
of Salt Lake City."
That's new.
Have you seen it yet?
-No, I have not seen that.
-Oh, boy,
do you need to watch it.
Oh, yeah.
-Salt Lake City?
-Salt Lake City.
-See, this is why I ask.
Only two episodes are out
so far.
I don't really watch
a lot of reality TV, actually.
I haven't really watched
too many
"Real Housewives" franchises.
-Oh.
-But Salt Lake City
is incredible, because you add
the Mormon element to it,
and it's just --
Like, there's the typical
kind of, like, judgment
of each other and fights,
but when you throw God
in the mix, and you're like,
"That's not
what he would want"...
-Wow.
-...it really takes it
to another level.
Also, some of them drink,
some of them don't.
-Of course.
-Because of Mormonism.
And then they're skiing all
the time and there's a lot of --
-So there's ski bunnies.
-There's ski bunnies.
I really think
you're gonna be into it.
-I will love it.
-The drama is extreme.
There's a woman that,
they're in a huge fight
because she told her that
she smelled like a hospital.
And that
is the root of their fight.
-[ Laughs ]
-Can you imagine?
-That's a good dis, though.
-Yeah.
-Ooh.
-Really, really good dis.
-Wow!
Got under her skin.
That really bothered her.
-She had been at the hospital.
-That really got to her.
-I mean, come on.
-That got to her.
-It really got to her.
Yes, it's bad.
-I watched a little bit
of "Unforgiving."
The first two --
Is it "Unforgiving?"
On HBO, with Nicole Kidman?
-The Clint Eastwood movie?
No.
Yeah, "The Unforgiven."
It's now a sitcom.
-Oh, so a little bit
of "Unforgiven."
-[ Laughs ]
-Of what -- which one is it?
-Is it "Unforgi--"
There's no one here to ask.
The Nicole Kidman,
Hugh Grant show.
-Oh! Oh!
-"Unfollowing"?
-"The Undoing."
-Yes.
-Is that what it's called?
-It's "The Undoing."
-"The Undoing."
Because maybe he did something
he shouldn't have been doing.
-Yeah, and that's not very cool.
But let's watch
and see what happens.
-Or did he not do something?
Who's doing
that needs to be undid?
-What needs to be undone?
-Oh, this one -- "Undone" --
I would've liked that.
That's a good title.
-Is it called "The Undone"?
-It should be.
But it's great.
-Oh, is it?
Okay. All right.
I need to watch that.
I love Nicole Kidman.
-Dude, she's hitting homers.
She's fantastic.
-Oh, she's just like a --
-It's almost --
-That was like when we used
to watch "Downton Abby,"
and you would just watch --
It was Maggie Smith, right?
Going, like, hitting it right
out of the park, every line,
just soaring over the --
-Every -- This one --
-Unbelievable.
-Wait till you see this.
You won't even believe.
You'll be like, "Oh, yeah.
Nicole Kidman
just stole the show."
-She's already ridiculous.
-Yeah. It's totally ridiculous.
I'm like, "Oh."
She's coming on soon.
I want
to talk to her about that.
'Cause it's almost like,
when you see it you'll be like,
"Oh, my God.
That's a movie star."
-What are any of us
doing this for?
-Why are we doing this?
-When she's out there
doing that.
-Oh, stop it.
You are you.
I mean, I can go through my list
of my favorite --
-Jimmy, do you think I'm good?
[ Both laugh ]
-"Am I pretty -- Am I pretty --
Am I a pretty girl?"
-"Don't you think -- I --
-[ Laughing ]
Smoking.
Dude, you know
what was on the other day?
-"It's been a long time."
What?
"Easy A" was on the other day,
and I was like --
That's probably been almost
probably 10 years, I think,
since I first probably met you,
and that movie was fantastic.
-10 years. Well, I met you
before "Easy A," didn't I?
Was that the first time
I ever met you?
-No.
Maybe right before.
-Yeah. But I --
Yes.
It's been 10 years,
which is so surreal.
And it also is --
Oh, this was another thing
I was talking
to your producers about.
I was like,
"Oh, when 'Easy A' came out,
right around the same time
is when I got my tattoo,"
and then I got into -- my whole
family has this tattoo,
and I told them what's
been happening with it,
which is that it's supposed
to be the size of a pencil,
like pencil-thin drawing,
and this is what's
been happening to it
over the past 10 years.
-It's growing?
-This is my marker of time.
-What are they?
Are they chicken hands?
Chicken feet?
-They're blackbird feet.
And everyone in my family
has them, and theirs look like
they're fading away,
they're so thin.
And mine has just bled out,
and by the time I'm 80,
I'm gonna have a black bar
against my wrist.
It is so ridiculous
how bad this is getting.
[ Laughter ]
-What are you gonna do?
-Like the rings on a tree.
I now know that it's
been 10 years since "Easy A."
-You got your Golden Globe
nomination for "Easy A."
What do you remember from that
experience going to the Globes?
Who'd you go with?
-I went with my mom.
That was my first time
going to the Golden Globes.
It was very, very,
very exciting,
and so I took my mom with me.
And I feel like I've already
told this story before,
but we sat next to
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt.
-[ Gasps ]
-Did I ever tell you this story?
-Never!
-Oh, my God.
We were like, "Of all people
to be sitting next to
at that kind of a show, whoa."
-Yeah.
-And my mom never drinks, and
she had champagne that night,
which was, you know,
probably not the best idea,
but she was having
a wonderful time.
-I love mom.
-And she started asking
Angelina Jolie, like,
"Do you have kids?
Do you have kids?
Are you, like --
What do you guys --
So you --"
And I was like, "You have
got to be out of your --"
She completely knew,
but she was, like,
making small talk
about the kids.
"How old are they?
What are their names?"
She knew everything.
-Yeah.
-But they were so nice.
They were so nice.
-Yeah. She is cool.
-We had a blast.
We had a really good time.
That was a very fun night.
-That's so fun.
I want to talk to you about
"The Croods: A New Age"
when we come back.
Is that cool?
Stick around?
-No. No.
-Real fast.
We won't even know we're gone.
-No, I don't want to.
-I just came to talk.
-Let's just talk.
-Oh, okay! All right. All right.
Fine. Fine. Fine!
More with Emma Stone
when we come back, everybody.
Come on back.
Look at that.
♪♪